Add documentation for custom resources, fix other docs as well (#112)
kubeshop/kusk-gateway: docs/customresources/api.md

# API

This resource uses OpenAPI file with x-kusk annotations as the source of truth to configure routing.
Refer to [extention](../extension.md) for the further information on how to add routing information to OpenAPI file.

> The required field of API resource is spec.**spec** where changed OpenAPI file is supplied as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required field of API resource is spec.**spec** where `x-kusk`-enhanced OpenAPI file is supplied as a string. You can generate it (and integrate into your CI) using [kgw](https://github.com/kubeshop/kgw) CLI tool.
```

Reviewer 2: `...where `x-kusk`-enhanced OpenAPI file is supplied as an embedded string. ...`

Once the resource manifest is deployed, Kusk Gateway Manager will use it to configure routing for Envoy Fleet.

> Multiple resources can exist in different namespaces, all of them will be evaluated and the configuration merged on any action with the separate resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple resources can exist in different namespaces, all of them will be evaluated and the configuration merged on any update within these resources.
```

> Deployment of the resource that has conflicting with the existing resources route (path + HTTP method) will be declined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trying to apply a resource that has conflicting routes with the existing resources (i.e. same HTTP method and path) would result in error.
```
